the way you gasp with delight in response to questions as simple as, "Do you want a peanut-butter sandwich?" (Lindsey)
the way you say goodbye to the cats every time we leave the house.  "Bye, kitties!" (Lindsey)
how bouncy you are; you're typically standing on fewer than two feet! (Lindsey)
your unquenchable and unironic enthusiasm for life. (Lindsey)
your beautiful, uninhibited laugh. (Lindsey)
your generosity and how you genuinely love sharing anything (food, books, time, stories, etc.) with others. (Lauryn)
how you actively listen and strive to understand where each individual's experience and perspective comes from. (Lauryn)
the depth and openness of your friendships, especially with Martin as it has, time after time, reminded me of how remarkable and important those relationships are in navigating life, love and hardships. (Lauryn)
your unselfconscious hugs. (Martin)
the way you are genuinely excited and optimistic about your work. (Martin)
your enviable penchant for feats of physical exertion. (Martin)
the consideration you give to other points of view and general open-mindedness. (Martin)
how we lost our religion together. (Martin)
your subtle satire which is always on the edge of detectability. (Martin)
your genuine concern for other people (that you may or may not know) and their happiness. (Natalie)
the sweet way you talk to children, always so loving and at the same time educational. (Natalie)
that you are such a caring man. You love your family and your friends with all your heart! A beautiful example is when you drove from Tallahassee to Michigan to pick up Martin to go back to Georgia. (Mom)
the passion that you have for helping the world to be a better place through cross-lingual word sense disambiguation!!! (Mom)
your ability and excitement to learn something about EVERYTHING! (Mom)
ALL the things about you. A parent could never ask for more! You are an absolute joy and have always been. You are so loved. (Mom)
your generosity in every aspect of your being. (Anthony)
your thoughtfulness and sacrifice, how you put others' needs and feelings ahead of yours. I've never known anyone who has a more kind nature than you. (Anthony)
how a single random thought of you can bring happy tears to your mother's eyes. (Anthony)
how your actions and words have shown me how to be a better man and father. (Anthony)
that you call your Dad every Sunday. (Mary)
your infectious exuberance! When you have an idea that excites you, it seems you can hardly contain yourself. You absolutely pop! It is such a pleasure to behold, and share in. It's pure joy. (Marian)
that you balance attention to details of mind, body and spirit so conscientiously. This is what fully realized human beings do, and it is rare and precious. (Marian)
that you're a good listener. (Maya)
how you're one of the few people who can read my handwriting. (Brett W. Thompson)
your generosity, compassion, and empathy. (Brett W. Thompson)
how you taught yourself so many things (e.g. unicycling and juggling). (Brett W. Thompson)
how you met Lindsey and had the courage to go for it! (Brett W. Thompson)
how you've been so supportive of my art for the past many years and got me to start a Patreon. (Brett W. Thompson)
how well you eat. (Brett W. Thompson)
your appreciation for languages and cultures. (Brett W. Thompson)
the interesting friends you've made and how you kindly introduced me to them. (Brett W. Thompson)
your kindness, your respect for others and the environment, your caring nature for young and old, and most of all how you are true to all your ideals. (Dad)
your principled stands e.g. open access. (Graham)
your enthusiasm, especially in running when encountering inclines. (Graham)
your ardent mirth and thoughtfulness. (Graham)
that you: always wear t-shirts, wear interesting t-shirts, are kind, are socially conscious, are not militant, are a man in the best sense, understand and honor justice, are economically and environmentally conscious, are a vegetarian, are an intellectual but not stuffy, are disciplined, are trustworthy, are helpful, are friendly, are courteous, are cheerful, are thrifty, are not into conspicuous consumption...or inconspicuous consumption (as far as we can tell), are in shape physically and mentally, are modest, are curious but not nosey, and like cats (never trust a man who doesn't like cats...or woman, for that matter). (Keith)
you make Lindsey happy, which makes us happy. (Marian and Keith)
your rage at injustice! (Mark)
that you're just the easiest human to be around. You're one of the kindest people I've ever met. (Diana)
that you write "impulse buys" on grocery shopping lists. (Mark)
your ability to be positive in any situation and your willingness to try everything! You've got gusto and courage and umph! I've never known someone so loving and accepting. (Taren)
your kindness, thoughtfulness, and that you're basically an awesomely caring person. (Sajith)
